[mimecast] use queried fields (#27525)
demisto/content: Packs/Mimecast/ReleaseNotes/2_1_11.md

#### Integrations

##### Mimecast v2

> - Fix an issue where **mimecast-query** command does not return additional keys that not appear in the default xml query.

Author: ```suggestion
When calling **mimecast-query**, fields specified under `<return-fields>` now appear in context and readable output, alongside the default fields that were shown until now.
```

Reviewer: Done
